dfu_target: Define TYPE_ANY_MODEM and ANY_APPLICATION types for DFU (#9277)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

See the changelog for each library in the :doc:`nrfxlib documentation <nrfxlib:README>` for additional information.

DFU target
----------

* Updated:

>   * Added new types :c:enum:`DFU_TARGET_IMAGE_TYPE_ANY_MODEM` and :c:enum:`DFU_TARGET_IMAGE_TYPE_ANY_APPLICATION` so downloading may accept any supported modem update type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added new types :c:enum:`DFU_TARGET_IMAGE_TYPE_ANY_MODEM` and :c:enum:`DFU_TARGET_IMAGE_TYPE_ANY_APPLICATION`.
    This makes any supported modem update type acceptable when downloading.
```

Reviewer: This was not done as I requested. All sentences must be on separate lines.

Author: I moved to one line, as there was some weird errors regarding indentation.

See the changelog for each library in the :doc:`nrfxlib documentation <nrfxlib:README>` for additional information.

> DFU target
> ----------
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DFU libraries
-------------

:ref:`lib_dfu_target`:
```

> DFU target
> ----------
> 
> * Updated:
>   * Added new types :c:enum:`DFU_TARGET_IMAGE_TYPE_ANY_MODEM` and :c:enum:`DFU_TARGET_IMAGE_TYPE_ANY_APPLICATION`.
>     This makes any supported modem update type acceptable when downloading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DFU libraries
-------------

* :ref:`lib_dfu_target`:

  * Updated:
  
    * Added new types :c:enum:`DFU_TARGET_IMAGE_TYPE_ANY_MODEM` and :c:enum:`DFU_TARGET_IMAGE_TYPE_ANY_APPLICATION`.
      This makes any supported modem update type acceptable when downloading.
```
